WE'RE TAKING YOU INSIDE THE
[ ♪ THEME ♪ ]
WE'RE TAKING THE SHOW ON THE
ROAD TO TRAVERSE CITY, MICHIGAN,
HOME OF GREAT WOLF LODGE.
WE ASKED FOR THE NUMBER ONE SPOT
TO GO TO FAMILIES, AND THIS IS
THE PLACE.
WE'RE IN THE WATER PARK.
VERY IMPRESSIVE, HOW BIG IS IT?
138,000 SQUARE FEET.
IT'S VERY BIG.
IT'S NICE AND WARM IN HERE.
IT'S 84 DEGREES YEAR ROUND IN
HERE.
YOU CAN'T HELP BUT NOTICE
THIS BEAUTIFUL SPOT.
THIS IS FORT MCKENZIE.
IT'S INTERACTIVE AND MADE UP OF
MULTIPLE INTERACTIVE WATER
FEATURES ON IT.
AT THE TOP IS THE BIG BUCKET.
LET ME GUESS, WHAT HAPPENS
WITH THAT.
IT DUMPS EVERY FIVE MINUTES,
1,000-GALLON WAS WATER.
WE HEAR THE BELL, RUN TO
UNDERNEATH THE BUCKET.
WALK.
WALK TO THE BUCKET.
THAT BUCKET JUST SPLASHES.
YES, AS YOU STAND HERE,
YOU'LL FEEL THE BREEZE COME OFF.
IT'S VERY POWERFUL.
YOU HAVE THINGS FOR LITTLE
TINY, PEOPLE, TOO.
ABSOLUTELY.
WHAT IS THAT AREA?
THIS HAS SOME LITTLE BABY
SLIDES FOR THE KIDS, WHEN
THEY'RE SMALL, THEY CAN SILT AND
LOOK AT INTERACTIVE WATER
FEATURE.
DO YOU HAVE AGE RESTRICTIONS.
THERE'S A HEIGHT RESTRICTION.
THEY HAVE TO BE UNDER 48 INCHES
SO RIDE THE RIDES SAFELY.
LET'S RIDE THE SLIDES.
OK.
WE HAVE SLIDES, THERE'S A
HUGE SLIDE BEHIND US, THEY COME
INTO THE LAZY RIVER WHERE YOU
CAN FLOAT AROUND.
HOW TALL IS THAT ONE?
FOUR STORIES TALL.
WOW!
YOU GO FOUR STORIES UP?
WE ACTUALLY HAVE A CONVEYOR
BELT SO YOU DON'T HAVE TO HAUL
THE TUBE ON THAT.
WE DO HAVE BODY SLIDES.
THERE'S TWO.
YOU HAVE TO CLIMB UP TO THE TOP
OF THE FORT TO GET TO THE BODY
SLIDE.
WHAT DO YOU THINK IS THE
BIGGER THRILL, THE BODY SLIDE OR
TUBE SLIDE?
THE HOWLING WOLF IS THE BEST
RIDE.
THEY HAVE TO BE AT LEAST
42 INCHES TO RIDE THAT ONE.
THE LAZY RIVER.
I LIKE THIS, BECAUSE IT'S A
CASUAL EXPERIENCE.
YOU OFTEN SEE MOMS FLOATING
WITH KIDS SWIMMING THROUGH IT.
WHAT'S YOUR BEST TIP, YOUR
INSIDE SCOOP?
INSIDE SCOOP IS MAKE SURE TO
CHECK IN THE PARK IN ADVANCE
WHAT ARE THE ABILITIES OF YOUR
KIDS.
A LOT OF PEOPLE COME AND THEY'RE
DISAPPOINTED BECAUSE THEY'RE
KIDS AROUND TALL ENOUGH.
WE DON'T WANT FAMILIES TO GO
HOME, THEY SHOULD COME INTO THE
PARK PREPARED FOR WHAT THEY ARE
ALLOWED TO DO.
GREAT IDEA.
THANK YOU.
THIS IS THE ACTIVITY POOL
THAT YOU SEE BEHIND US.
WHAT HAPPENS HERE?
THEY RUN ACROSS.
WE ALSO HAVE OUR SNAKE, VERY
POPULAR FOR THE KIDS TO SIT AND
TWIST ON AND PLAY ON AND THE
BASKETBALL HOOP BEHIND US.
I AM IMPRESSED BY HOW CLEAN
AND I FEEL SAFE HERE.
IT BRINGS IN A LITTLE FRESH
WATER EVERY HOUR.
WE HAVE CHEMICALS THAT GO
THROUGH A IF IT REACTION SYSTEM
DOWN TO THE VERY MICRON.
WHAT ABOUT THE LIFEGUARDS?
THEY ARE FANTASTIC.
WE HAVE A MINIMUM OF 12 ON ON
OUR SLOW DAYS, UP TO 15.
WHAT'S YOUR FAVORITE THING
ABOUT RUNNING THIS MASSIVE WATER
PARK?
EVERYTHING IS A SMILE.
THAT WHEN YOU SEE THE FAMILIES
WALK IN, THE KIDS SO EXCITED,
THEY WATCH THE DUMP BUCKET GO,
IT'S EXCITING TO SEE ALL THE
HAPPINESS.
YOU'RE DOING A GREAT JOB.
THANK YOU.